[README] revision (#2729)
metasearch-lab/searx: README.rst

Matrix
  `#searxng:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/#searxng:matrix.org>`_

Setup
=====

- A well maintained `Docker image`_, also built for ARM64 and ARM/v7
  architectures.
- Alternatively there are *up to date* `installation scripts`_.

> - For individual setups consult our detailed `Step by step`_ instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For individual setup consult our detailed `Step by step`_ instructions.
```

- To fine-tune your instance, take a look at the `Administrator documentation`_.

.. _Administrator documentation: https://docs.searxng.org/admin/index.html
.. _Step by step: https://docs.searxng.org/admin/installation-searxng.html
.. _installation scripts: https://docs.searxng.org/admin/installation-scripts.html
.. _Docker image: https://github.com/searxng/searxng-docker

Translations
============

.. _Weblate: https://translate.codeberg.org/projects/searxng/searxng/

Help translate SearXNG at `Weblate`_

.. figure:: https://translate.codeberg.org/widgets/searxng/-/multi-auto.svg
   :target: https://translate.codeberg.org/projects/searxng/

Contributing
============

.. _development quickstart: https://docs.searxng.org/dev/quickstart.html
.. _developer documentation: https://docs.searxng.org/dev/index.html

> You are a developer? .. have a look at our `development quickstart`_ guide, its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you a developer? Have a look at our `development quickstart`_ guide, it's
very easy to contribute. Additionally we have a `developer documentation`_.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing out :+1: .. I fixed it.
